types of fonts roles in UI
    Display 
    Headline
    Title
    Body
    Label

Where to use Display font role ??
    As the largest text on the screen, display styles are reserved for 
    short, important text or numerals. They work best on large screens.
    
    so we should have different font-families for Displays types ??
        For display type, consider choosing a more expressive font, 
        such as a handwritten or script style. 

    Essence -> these are weired texts on big screens put to basically catch
                user attentions, and these texts might not give clarity to user
                so they need some body texts as well to explain what this is all
                about.

    Note: Most likely i will use this for my brand name on home page like 
            SUDOKU spelled in weired hand crafted typography.

Where to use Headline font role ??
    Headlines are best-suited for short, high-emphasis text on smaller screens.
    Headlines can also make use of expressive (hand-crafted or weird) typefaces, provided that 
    appropriate line height and letter spacing is also integrated to maintain readability.

Where to use Title font role ??
    Titles are smaller than headline styles, and should be used for medium-emphasis 
    text that remains relatively short.
    For titles, use caution when using expressive fonts, including display, 
    handwritten, and script styles.

Ques -> what is the difference between Headings and Titles ??
    i have understood the role of Title but not sure about Headings.
    Looks like in most of the places i will be using Titles instead of Headings.

Where to use Body font role ??
    Body styles are used for longer passages of text in your app. 
    Use typefaces intended for body styles, which are readable at smaller
    sizes and can be comfortably read in longer passages.
    Avoid expressive or decorative fonts for body text because these can be
    harder to read at small sizes.

Where to use Label font role ??
    Label styles are smaller, used for things like the text inside components
    or for very small text in the content body, such as captions. 

font-weights and font name mapping
    100	Thin (Hairline)
    200	Extra Light (Ultra Light)
    300	Light
    400	Normal (Regular)
    500	Medium
    600	Semi Bold (Demi Bold)
    700	Bold
    800	Extra Bold (Ultra Bold)
    900	Black (Heavy)
    950	Extra Black (Ultra Black)

    out of the above list, we can ignore font-weights 100, 200 and install higher font-weights
    for ease of reading texts on screens.
